[react] Add `globalCss` processor (#31)
mui/pigment-css: README.md

}
```

### Creating global styles

Use the `globalCss` API to create global styles:

```js
import { globalCss } from '@pigment-css/react';

globalCss`
  body {
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
  }
`;
```

> The `globalCss` function should to be called at the top level of your javascript file, usually from the index of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `globalCss` function should to be called at the top level of your javascript file, usually from the entry point of the application.
```
